# Traffic Model Testing By Tim Lopes

To first get an outline of a model I used the one provided in the lecture video. Running that model gave me an accuracy of just 5.55% and loss of 3.5 which is not great, however the model trained pretty fast with only 921ms/epoch. In order to try to get better results I first increased the number of convolutional layer filters to 64 and increased the number hidden layers to 500. This gave me a 93.45% accuracy and 0.2906 loss. The only downside is that the time per epoch was increased to 2 seconds which is not too slow. Next, I decided to change the pool size to 3x3 to see what effect it would have on the model. First thing I noticed was the drastic decrease in training time with each epoch taking only 8 seconds compared to 15 seconds with a 2x2 pool size. The results are surprisingly better than the 2x2 pool size with it being 93.9% accurate and a loss of 0.2598 loss. 

Noticing an increase in both performance and accuracy with the increased pool size I decided to increase the number of convolutional and max-pooling steps by 2x. This did make the training phase a lot quicker with only 5 seconds for each epoch, but the accuracy decreased to 89.07%. Another change I did was instead of having the pools be 3x3 kernel I instead used 2x2 kernels. This gave me my best result so far with an accuracy of 95.39%. Adding another convolutional and max-pooling step decreased my results to 93.32% so I think two of each is the sweet spot. Then, I started adjusting the number of hidden layers within the model. An increase to 600 hidden layers gave me a new high accuracy of 96.42%, 700 was less accurate with only 94.39%. Finally, I dropped the dropout value to 0.3 instead of 0.5 and got an accuracy of 95.49%. Increasing the dropout to 0.6 dropped the accuracy drastically to 88.37%.